ten-hut
I said a-ten-hut you fucking idiots all
right I'd like to welcome to the squad
our new recruits Eddie and chase now
then since you two are new recruits you
don't get as many privileges as US
veterans like what sir like protective
suits during bomb defusal missions wait
what aren't those things are you know
mandatory of those kinds of emissions
normally yes but in the event that there
are only enough suits for these senior
members you newbies become what we call
in this business cannon fodder that is
complete bullshit well the other option
is for us to kill you right here right
now for insubordination we even have you
been here for 10 minutes and I already
hate you sir all right let's get a move
on then
that thing this looks like a supply
package it's obviously not we're gonna
have to get in there and defuse it okay
Eddie and chase I will go in there and
attempted to views the ball you to cover
to me with your bodies in case any
enemies try to sneak up on us that's the
dumbest thing I've ever heard you have a
protective bond disposal suit on any
mean more protection shut up Chase
follow orders whatever
what are those two doing we're cheering
you on from the side how come you guys
are not here covering him oh that's too
dangerous silly all right I'm almost
done I would like black oz and mustard
on that Thanks damn i wonder when that
piece is gonna get here wow did you see
that well what the fuck if I may sir it
seems as though the recruits were
completely obliterated now yeah that's
actually very unfortunate maybe we
should have ordered more suits for them
what a cost too much agreed